{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2757
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
{\info
{\author Israel Robles}}\margl1134\margr1134\margb1134\margt1134\vieww12540\viewh16140\viewkind1\viewscale131
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 DETERMINE THE FUNCTIONAL AND NON-FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENTS. MAKE ASSUMPTIONS IF NECESSARY\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Functional Requirements:\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 1.	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Administrators can add and manage repair experts to the system.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 2.	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Customers can sign up for support services.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 3.	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Customers can submit and manage problem tickets through the Best Appliance website.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 4.	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Customers are notified by email or SMS when a repair expert is on their way.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 5.	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Customers can complete satisfaction surveys.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 6.	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The system automatically bills the customer\'92s credit card on an annual basis.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 7.	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The system automatically assigns the best suited repair expert.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 8.	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The system automatically emails a survey link to customers when their ticket is completed.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 9.	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Repair experts are notified by SMS when they have been assigned to a new ticket.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 10.	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Repair experts can retrieve and update the ticket information they are assigned to using their phone.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 11.	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Repair experts can access and update the knowledge database using their phone.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Assumptions: The administrator verifies the credential of each repair expert. The Best Appliance website is intuitive, and costumers are comfortable using the internet to submit problem tickets. Costumers and repair experts keep their information up to date. The repair experts will find the knowledge database useful and will actively contribute to it. Costumers like to provide feedback after their service.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Non-Functional Requirements:\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 1.	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The ticket assignment algorithm evolves to accurately match problem tickets with the appropriate appliance specialists, with up-to-date information and in real time. \
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 2.	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The system seamlessly and quickly integrates with constant changes in the ticket assignment algorithm without affecting other parts of the system.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 3.	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The system must immediately route assigned tickets to repair experts.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 4.	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The system must immediately handle ticket routing failures by reassigning the ticket to a new expert until the routing is successful.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 5.	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The system must keep track of each ticket status until its completion and ensure that each ticket is processed through all the steps in the order the tickets are submitted.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 6.	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The system must have a backup mechanism in place to recover from crashes or inadvertent events.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 7.	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The Best Appliance front-end website must always be running and accessible to customers.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 8.	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The system must adapt to continuous increase of customers and traffic.\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 9.	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The system must protect sensitive customer data like name, address, and credit card information.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Assumptions: The automatic ticket assignment is a highly complex task and because of that it relies on adaptative algorithms that change overtime, such as machine learning or something similar. The system can adapt to the changes in the automatic ticket assignment algorithm without disruptions. The immediate routing of assigned tickets is a priority to provide the best costumer service. The risk of ticket routing failure is high. Keeping track of the ticket\'92s status and data back-ups prevents the ticket losses. The Best Appliance website traffic will continue to increase. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
}